Update CONTRIBUTING.md with new PR review rules (#909)
EverestAPI/Everest: CONTRIBUTING.md

- **Testing:** if you are submitting a bugfix, describe the issue thouroughly and provide recreation steps, *especially* if it is not an existing [issue](https://github.com/EverestAPI/Everest/issues).
- **Response:** when you submit a pull request, you are responsible for making sure any questions and change requests on it are answered in a timely manner.

> Once submitted, your pull request is reviewed by the members of the Everest team. In order to get merged, it should be approved by at least **2 members** since at least **5 days**. Pull requests are also not merged if a new release is planned to happen in 5 days or less, the date of the next release can be found [in the Milestones section](https://github.com/EverestAPI/Everest/milestones).

Reviewer: "approved by at least 2 members since at least 5 days" is a bit confusing, I'm not sure what that means.

Reviewer 2: My personal take would be: 
```md
Once everything is ready, for it to get merged it will need to get reviewed by at least **2 members** of the Everest team. Once that has happened, there is a **5 day** last-call window in which any concerns can be brought up before it is merged. If nothing is blocking the pull request, it'll get merged once the 5 day window is over.  

If a pull request would be merged within 5 days of a planned release, it will have to be merged **after** it, to ensure it has enough time to be tested before being released. The date of the next release can be found [in the Milestones section](https://github.com/EverestAPI/Everest/milestones).
```

Author: sold

```suggestion
Once everything is ready, for it to get merged it will need to get reviewed by at least **2 members** of the Everest team. Once that has happened, there is a **5 day** last-call window in which any concerns can be brought up before it is merged. If nothing is blocking the pull request, it'll get merged once the 5 day window is over.  

If a pull request would be merged within 5 days of a planned release, it will have to be merged **after** it, to ensure it has enough time to be tested before being released. The date of the next release can be found [in the Milestones section](https://github.com/EverestAPI/Everest/milestones).
```
